wip: config-as-code docs (#186)
nitrictech/docs: docs/docs/schedules/overview.md

# Schedules

## Overview

> Nitric makes it easy to create simple expressive scheduled functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nitric makes it easy to create expressive scheduled functions.
```
easy and simple..

### Frequencies

> Nitric supports schedules as frequent as once per minute, available frequencies can be configured in minutes, hours and days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nitric's highest supported schedule frequency is once per minute, available frequencies can be configured in minutes, hours and days.
```
